# practice-webdesign-lager
For practice at NTS.
--I was born and raised in Maryville Missouri. I have lived here all my life. I went to St. Gregory's for elementary/middle school, and I am currently a Senior at Maryville High. I have 2 siblings, a brother and a sister, both younger. I have a dog that lives at my bestfriends house, her name is Saylor and she's a basset hound. I have 3 really close friends: Marshall I meant Freshman year and instantly we were bestfriends, Andruw I've known since I was 3 weeks old because our moms are best friends, and Sawyer who I met probably 5ish years ago through scouting. I like to watch movies, series, read books, take late night drives, and make random Walmart runs! 
--After High School I plan to attend NWMSU and major in Business Administration. I hope to also aquire a minor in Accounting! This past year I took Accounting 1 at the High School and instantly fell in love with it. It is the kind of math I love to do and there are no shapes involved!! I am going to live from home, because not only is it cheaper, but we also live 2 miles from campus. Both of my parents went to different colleges, but took classes at Northwest. My mom went to Peru State college in Nebraska, and my dad went to Missouri Western in St. Joe! BOO Griffins!! I am looking forward to the college life, but I am also nervous to start something new...Change isn't one of my strong suits.
--After college I want to work in an Accounting firm, or some office to have to do with finances and stuff like that. I am not that big into working outdoors, although I wouldn't mind following my Grandpa's footsteps and becoming a farmer. I thought about getting a manager job at MFA therefore I'm working in the business field, but also have some agricultural experience behind my belt.
